note on setClassMethods limit (#2799)
babel/website: docs/assumptions.md

## `setClassMethods`

> When declaring classes, assume that methods don't shadow getters on the superclass or override any well-known symbol methods and that the program doesn't depend on methods being non-enumerable. Thus, it's safe to assign methods rather than using `Object.defineProperty`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When declaring classes, assume that methods don't shadow accessors or non-writable properties on the superclass prototype, and that the program doesn't depend on methods being non-enumerable. Thus, it's safe to assign methods rather than using `Object.defineProperty`.
```

the problem is not about well-know symbols, but it's that Symbol.hasInstance has `writable: false`.

Author: AFAIK all well known symbol methods are non-writable, so overriding these methods is a sufficient condition for `setClassMethods` assumption to break, yet of course it is not a necessary condition since you can define you own non-writable properties.

Reviewer: Only `@@hasInstance` is non-writable, all the others are!
```js
Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptor(Array.prototype, Symbol.iterator)
> Object { value: values(), writable: true, enumerable: false, configurable: true }
```

Author: Oh my bad, I misread the MDN docs.
